doc(release): Release runbook updates (#2011)
spinnaker/spinnaker.github.io: community/releases/release-manager-runbook/index.md

    1. Each Spin CLI release is tied to a version of Gate. To ensure
    compatibility, regenerate the Gate Client API.

    1. From the Gate repository, check out the release branch and generate the `swagger/swagger.json` file (it's not under source control):
    ```
    ./swagger/generate_swagger.sh
    ```
    

>     1. From the spin-cli repository, check out the release branch (release branches from gate and spin-cli must match) and follow the [instructions](https://github.com/spinnaker/spin/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#updating-the-gate-api) in that repo to update the gate client. This involves creating and merging a PR to spin-cli release branch with the updated gate client.

Reviewer: Can we be consistent with the casing of Spin CLI and Gate?

Reviewer 2: It looks like these are all references to the respective repositories, so we should use the repo names: "spin" and "gate"

        - BOM_VERSION: This is the BOM to associate the Spin CLI release with. It is
        the latest Spinnaker release number, 1.xx.x.

> 1. Make a Sponnet [github release](https://github.com/spinnaker/sponnet/releases/new). Give it the same version as the newly released Spinnaker, with the tag prefixed with "v" (i.e. v${RELEASE}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Make a Sponnet [GitHub release](https://github.com/spinnaker/sponnet/releases/new). Give it the same version as the newly released Spinnaker, with the tag prefixed with "v" (e.g., v1.22.0).
```

Reviewer 2: Prefer "for example," rather than "e.g.," or "i.e.".
